This course includes workbooks and challenges.
A workbook is a coding exercise that allows you to practice what you learned.
A challenge is going to be a bit harder than a workbook because it will encourage you to think outside
the box and do some of your own research.
So I'll have you start by downloading the course resources from GitHub.
Click the link in the resources folder.
The resources folder is an icon that you'll find next to the lecture title.
All right.
When you're done.
GitHub is a place where you can download code or even post your own.
I posted all of the resources for this course on GitHub.
You simply have to click on this big green button, download the zip file and it should download the
resources for this course.
Once you download the resources, go to it.
If you're using a mac, unzip the resources into a folder by just pressing open.
If you're using a Windows computer, then you would have to extract the contents of your zip into a
folder.
Once you open the folder, you will see workbooks and challenges organized based on the section that
they belong to.
It's worth noting that not every single section is going to have workbooks and challenges.
For example, the testing section will not.
And another thing I want to point out is that these are not all of the sections for this course.
It's just that as of this recording, we have only released the first six sections, but there will
be more sections where we build a rest API, a section for SQL, no SQL, GraphQL, etc..
And one last thing is that if you're ever stuck, every single workbook comes with a solution.
Feel free to look at the solution to try to see where you went wrong and then try to solve the exercise
on your own.
That's all.
Workbook 1.1 is coming up, so I wish you the best of luck.